Improve `ResponseParser` middleware (#14)
thoughtbot/action_client: README.md

status, headers, body = *request.submit
```

### Response body parsing

When `ActionClient` is able to infer the request's `Content-Type` to be either

> `JSON` or `XML`, it will parse the returned `body` value ahead of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON or XML, it will parse the returned `body` value ahead of time.
```

> Responses with `Content-Type: applicaiton/json` headers will be parsed into
> [`Hash` instances][ruby-hash] by [`JSON.parse`][json-parse]. JSON objects will
> be parsed into instances of
> [`HashWithIndifferentAccess`][HashWithIndifferentAccess], so that keys can be
> accessed via `Symbol` or  `String`.

Reviewer: Typo, but also mentioning both `Hash` and `HashWithIndifferentAccess` seemed contradictory:

```suggestion
Responses with `Content-Type: application/json` headers will be parsed into
Ruby objects by [`JSON.parse`][json-parse]. JSON objects will
become instances of
[`HashWithIndifferentAccess`][HashWithIndifferentAccess], so that keys can be
accessed via `Symbol` or  `String`.
```
